Remove note on v4 for Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus as v5 is already out (#21041)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/MigrationGuide.md

# Guide for migrating to Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus from Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus

> This guide is intended to assist in the migration to version 7 of the Service Bus client library [`Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus/) from [`Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus/). It will focus on side-by-side comparisons for similar operations between the two packages. 

Reviewer: Also update https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/21041/files#diff-5d66174561b8ab860faf51d85b17200f8200ee26e316f65188a3136ce487ca30R53

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/pull/21041/commits/554349c411852bc9c9c0f482ad32e8dcdff605d5

-   Azure Service Bus follows the AMQP protocol and as such the Service Bus message is converted to an AMQP message when sent to the service. In the new library, you now have the ability to write and read the entire AMQP message along with its header, footer, properties, and annotations instead of just the properties that were exposed before. This is helpful if you are an advanced user and want to make use of the full might of AMQP message format.
-   The APIs to schedule the sending of a message at a later time and the ones to cancel such scheduled messages now work for batches of messages as well.

## General changes

### Package and namespaces

Package names and the namespace root for the modern Azure client libraries for .NET have changed. Each will follow the pattern `Azure.[Area].[Service]` where the legacy clients followed the pattern `Microsoft.Azure.[Service]`. This provides a quick and accessible means to help understand, at a glance, whether you are using the modern or legacy clients.

> In the case of Service Bus, the modern client library has package name and namespace `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` and were released beginning with version 7. The legacy client library has package and namespace `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of Service Bus, the modern client library has package name and namespace `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` and was released beginning with version 7. The legacy client library has package and namespace `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.
```

> In the case of Service Bus, the modern client library has the package and namespace that begin with `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` and were released beginning with version 7. The legacy client library has the package and namespace that begin with `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of Service Bus, the modern client library has package name and namespace `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` and were released beginning with version 7. The legacy client library has package and namespace `Microsoft.Azure.ServiceBus`.
```
